Themes

    forking (or forks)
    branching (or branches)
    cloning (or clones)
    pushing
    pulling

Heh... Just actually got that they were the actions on github XD

Branch -> tree -> Life -> Growth
		  				  Survive
		  				  Live
		  Choice -> Consequences -> Good/Bad
		  Bank
		  
Fork -> Spoon
		Cutlery
		Cooking
		Food
		Eating
		Hunger
		
Cloning ->  a time machine
			Sheep
			
Pushing -> Force -> Physics
		   Control
		   
		   

Pulling -> Trains, Transport.

		Sid Meiers Railroads?
		Tile based
		Resource Tiles, Limits?
		Collection 'blocks' need to be next to the resource on 1 of 4 faces
		Rails to connect the collection deports
		Checkout notches Rail Tiles (Mojam Game)
		Maintainence
		
		
Clones with different powers used to solve puzzles

Bah so all this planning aside, I have 6 days left and I think I have an idea... In the Ludum Dare you get 48 hours, I have 3 times as long, I should be able to do this!!

Gonna go for a survival game, Kinda like dayz, Kinda like minecraft... Heh thats not even a good way to describe it. Oh well. I will keep working on it and see how we go :p

Point is you will need to collect resources in a world where there is resources scattered around, you need to keep your hunger up, and perhaps thirst too. 
There will be mobs for food (Cows, Rabbits, Pigs, Sheep) perhaps even fishing to gather fish. You will also be able to gather berries and other edible plants.
Survival in the day will be easy, but when night falls you will need to find shelter and/or light to make it through. Durin the night you will be hurt in the dark and/or outside.
Light will be from torches and fires, where fires are static and must be fueled. Torches will be infinite however but can only be held (Perhaps they run out after time for balancing?).
The difference however is made where fires light a large area and the torches will just do the immediate area around you.

Crafting from the thing you collect will allow you to make tools and other things to survive!!



    